john and drink
I'm waiting for them a bouquet for the change can be considered as
foty heroes kaluga egor not and miners
luggage Karaganda
zander diverter prop for country
central kazakhstan and every exit to
shift can be considered for after the heroes do not
Kaluga
Karaganda miners return maccazh
divertor liquid set for nothing country
central kazakhstan
the country has a huge potential in the industry
but young people about this obviously if you dream
were they all empty in the soul growth was born
pants western lifestyle hollywood
pandas
I'm proud of my business no matter what you are there
you say proletarian rue more creative
sale and we will go to the end nobody
unable to contradict u was not on our
location and not you treat something central
Kazakhstan
hardworking people metallurgists miners
copper smelter largest country
industrial region at least half
countries feeds he plow at work
not at all dumb rozher
units like me millions from no one
do not hide live quite modestly cones
all places in the forest let's see it is full
each bouquet per shift can be considered
sunset and heroes well yes logic nicknames miners
luggage Karaganda
tiger too skorbsbi she support for the country
Trolls Kazakhstan every shift exit
can be considered whether the heroes name metallurgists
miners miners balkhash karaganda
and the world should tale set for the country
Central Kazakhstan is sometimes necessary
change not to stay in place on
locally crowded somewhere far away
the most interesting couplets of others either write
only you decide your own songs
chest you governor I decided
continue what was started earlier in
I ’m looking for a car I ’ll have a high rank
from hypnosis sprinkle actresses of everyones
papers brutal Tomsk counting him
is already on sale with gave a nightmare
harsh metallurgist at night outside
base from drow dough with a friend you need
stand shoulder foreboding on back friend
for a friend and only together we are ready
overcome all ailments here are not snotty
castles heads only for the hall mount
filled equal bayonet
Lada Allahumma for working on the dark
there are two proletarian each exit
change can be considered as foty heroes not
Kaluga Yegor and the miners luggage Karaganda
zander diverter prop for country
central kazakhstan and every exit to
shift can be considered as feats of warriors
Kaluga miners miners Balkhash Karaganda
tiger also said support for the country
panel found in every bouquet on
shift can be considered the west and heroes
drive debts and miners luggage karaganda
you, too, a fairy tale set for the country
central Kazakhstan and everyone was me
dared to be considered a feat and warriors
debts miners karaganda miner
the dealer is also the height of the set for the country
central kazakhstan
I am crazy that a bouquet for the change can be considered
sunset and heroes of the mythology miners miners
luggage Karaganda
telltale same fairy tale for strange
central kazakhstan